Update index.md (#24651)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/webgl_api/matrix_math_for_the_web/index.md

</div>
```

> Finally, for each of the examples we will generate a 4×4 matrix, then update the `<div>`'s style to have a transform applied to it, set to a `matrix3d`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, for each of the examples, we will generate a 4×4 matrix, then update the `<div>`'s style to have a transform applied to it, set to a `matrix3d`.
```

> Finally, for each of the examples, we will generate a 4×4 matrix, then update the `<div>`'s style to have a transform applied to it, set to a `matrix3d`.
> 
> > **Note:** Bear in mind that even though the matrix is made up of 4 rows and 4 columns, it collapses into a single line of 16 values. Matrices are always stored in one-dimensional lists in JavaScript.

Reviewer: The note here is too strong.
```suggestion
Finally, for each example, we will generate a 4×4 matrix, then update the `<div>`'s style to have a transform applied to it, set to a `matrix3d`. Bear in mind that even though the matrix is made up of 4 rows and 4 columns, it collapses into a single line of 16 values. Matrices are always stored in one-dimensional lists in JavaScript.
```
